Code repo docs (#1448)
zenml-io/zenml: examples/code_repository/README.md

# Using a code repository

Code repositories enable ZenML to keep track of the code version that you use for your
pipeline runs. Additionally, running a pipeline which is tracked in a registered code
repository can speed up the Docker image building for containerized stack components.

> 

Reviewer: This really needs a more visual explanation with a diagram. i.e. why would people use this?

Reviewer 2: also probably needs an extra few sentences just explaining / reminding people why it might be useful to be tracking their code & pairing it with the rest of their pipeline runs etc in the context of MLOps.

## 📄 Prerequisites

In order to run your ZenML pipelines with a code repository, we need to set up a 
few things first:

* First you'll need a [GitHub](https://github.com) account and a GitHub repository
which contains code to run a ZenML pipeline. If you're new to ZenML and don't have such
a repository yet, we suggest you start by forking
[this example repository](https://github.com/zenml-io/code-repository-example) to get
started quickly. To do so, visit the repository page and click on `Fork` in the top right,
after which you'll be able to create a new fork in your personal GitHub account. Once that
is complete, clone the repository to your local machine.
* You'll also need to create a GitHub personal access token that has read permissions for
the repositories in your account. To do so, please follow [this guide](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token) 
and make sure to assign your token the **repo** scope.

> If you also want to test the Docker build speedup that is provided by using a

Reviewer: maybe move this into the lower section so its not front loaded with pre-requisites

> If you also want to test the Docker build speedup that is provided by using a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you also want to test the increased speed of Docker builds that is unlocked by using a
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe? Not sure if you don't already know what this is about, you might not understand what's implied? (Also below when this phrase is used)

```bash
pip install zenml
zenml integration install github sklearn
zenml code-repository register <NAME> --type=github --owner=<GITHUB_USERNAME> \
    --repository=<REPOSITORY_NAME> --token=<PERSONAL_ACCESS_TOKEN>

# If you're testing the Docker build speedup, you need to connect to your remote
# ZenML deployment as well as register and activate your remote stack:
zenml connect --url=<ZENML_SERVER_URL>
zenml stack register <STACK_NAME> ...
zenml stack set <STACK_NAME>
```

## ▶️ Run the pipeline

To see the code repository in action, we will now run a ZenML pipeline for which the
code is stored in your code repository. If you're using a fork of the example repository,
you can run the pipeline by calling
```bash
python run.py
```

After that pipeline run has finished, we can inspect our pipeline run to see which code version
it was running with:
```python
from zenml.post_execution import get_pipeline

pipeline = get_pipeline("training_pipeline")
run = pipeline.runs[0]
print(run.commit)
```

## 🏎️ Testing the Docker build speedup

To see the Docker build speedup in action, we will start by modifying some of our pipeline

> code. If you're using a fork of the example repository, you can for example change your

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
code. If you're using a fork of the example repository, you can, for example, change your
```

data loader step to have a different test set size:
```python
X_train, X_test, y_train, y_test = train_test_split(
    data, digits.target, test_size=0.1, shuffle=False  # test_size was 0.2 before
)
```

After you've finished modifying the code, we'll commit and push the changes:
```bash
git commit -am "Decrease test set size"
git push
```

Without a registered code repository, re-running the pipeline now would mean that ZenML

> needs to build new Docker images that include your updated code. As we're running a pipeline

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
would have to build new Docker images that include your updated code. As we're running a pipeline
```

which is tracked inside a code repository, ZenML can instead download the updated code
when running the Docker container and can therefore reuse the previously built Docker images.

If we now re-run the pipeline by calling `python run.py`, we will see that no new
Docker images are being built and the old ones are being reused instead. This will not only
work on your local machine, but also if you're running the same pipeline from a different machine

> or one of your colleagues tries to run the pipeline!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
or if one of your colleagues tries to run the pipeline!
```

# 📜 Learn more

If you want to learn more about code repositories, check out our

> [docs](https://docs.zenml.io/advanced-guide/practical-mlops/code-repositories).

Reviewer 2: this link will need updating if you make the changes mentioned above...

# Using a code repository

Source code versioning is an essential part of software development that allows multiple
developers to work on the same code base and provides traceability of all the changes made
to code files.
Using a code repository in ZenML enables unlocks the tracking of the code version that you
use for your pipeline runs. Additionally, running a pipeline which is tracked in a registered code

> repository eliminates the need of rebuilding Docker images for containerized stack components each

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
repository eliminates the need to rebuild Docker images for containerized stack components each
```
